RHDEVDOCS-7640: Content creation for Image Updater feature (#112690)
openshift/openshift-docs: argocd_instance/using-argo-cd-image-updater.adoc

// Configuring container registries
include::modules/gitops-image-updater-registry-configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring pull secrets for image registries
include::modules/gitops-configuring-image-updater-pull-secrets.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring webhooks for immediate image updates
include::modules/gitops-image-updater-webhook-configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring webhook secrets
include::modules/gitops-configuring-image-updater-webhook-secrets.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring TLS for webhooks
include::modules/gitops-configuring-image-updater-webhook-tls.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring rate limiting for webhooks
include::modules/gitops-configuring-image-updater-webhook-rate-limiting.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Monitoring Image Updater status
include::modules/gitops-image-updater-monitoring-status.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Complete ImageUpdater example
include::modules/gitops-image-updater-complete-example.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
== Additional resources

* link:https://argocd-image-updater.readthedocs.io/en/stable/[Argo CD Image Updater upstream documentation]

> * link:https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/upgrading/2.10-2.11/#argocd-image-updater[Image Updater in the Argo CD Operator documentation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/image-updater/[Image Updater in the Argo CD Operator documentation]
```

Author: Fixed.
